AliveCheck:true|Alive Check
Ammo:true|Unlimited Ammo
BulletNuke:false|Bullet Nuke
FastGame:true|Fast Game [Host]
Nuke:true|Nuke Toggle
NukeEnemy:true|Enemy Nuke
NukeMe:true|Self Nuke
RCS:true|Zero Recoil
ThirdPerson:true|Set Third-Person View
aimonshoot:true|Aim on Shoot
aimvisible:true|Visibility Check ##ra
air:true|Air-Jump
antiaimbool:true|Anti-Aim
antiwinct:true|AntiWin CT
auto_defuse:true|Auto Defuse
autowin_ct:true|Autowin CT
autowin_tr:true|Autowin TR
bunnyhope:true|Bunny-Hop
defaim:true|Default Aimbot
deffov:true|Draw RA FOV
defuse_anywhere:true|Defuse Anywhere
dmghack:true|Damager
dontret:true|Anti-Return
drawfov:true|Show Silent Aimbot FOV
enableRandomizeAim:true|Randomizer
enableSmoothAim:true|Smooth Aim (MAY BE UNSTABLE!)
enemyscales:true|Modify Enemies Size
esp3dcorners:true|Show Player Corners [3D]
esparm:true|Show Player Armor
espbox:true|Show Player Boxes
espcapsule:true|Show Player Capsules
espdist:true|Show Player Distance
espfill:true|Fill Boxes
espgradient:true|Filling Gradient
esphealth:true|Show Player Health
esphpclinet:true|Client
esphpgradient:true|Gradient
espmoney:true|Show Player Money
espskeleton2:true|Show Player Skeleton
esptracer:true|Show Player Tracers
fast_defuse:true|Fast Defuse
firerate:true|Speedy Fire
fovFeature:true|Enable Custom FOV
getbomb:true|Bomber
getbomb2:true|Sapper
glowskeleton:true|Glow
godmoderemade:true|Invincibility (aka GM)
hitlogs:true|Hit Logger
host:true|Get Host
insky:true|Teleport Above the Map
inv:true|Invisibility
masskill:true|MassKill
mescales:true|Modify Own Size
moveb:true|Disable Movement Limits
mytrail:true|Enable Player Trail
nightmode:true|Enable Night Mode
noclip:false|Noclip
oofvis:true|Visible Indicator
outoffov:true|Out of FOV
plant_anywhere:true|Plant Anywhere
playerCircle:true|Show Player Circle
playerscalesmenu:true|Player Sizes
pline:true|Show Player Lines
ragdoll:true|Ragdoll
silentvis:true|Visibility Check
slaim:true|Activate Silent Aimbot
speed_hack:true|Speed Changer
svaston:true|Enable Custom Crosshair
telekill:true|TeleKill
underground:true|Teleport Underground
